hey guys back again Miyamoto has
recently come out saying but they're now
officially starting work on their next
console their next generation whatever
it may be called my hope is is the
gamecube too and i just wanted to give
my views on it on a video i've been
wanting to make for a while it's my
perfect console at least Nintendo's what
Nintendo should do for the next
generation now I believe it's a winning
formula I don't see how they could lose
so let's just get right into for their
hardware all I want them to do is just
something simple and basic I just want
them to return to form with something
boring that Microsoft or Sony would do
just an x86 architecture a standard
controller 1080p 60 frames per second
that's all I want I don't want any
reason or justification for developers
not supporting or making gains for the
console I don't want any reason for
gamers not to buy and play the games on
the console I just don't want any
excuses no excuses for next-gen on top
of that console I want them to make an
accessory or some kind of gimmick on top
of it that Nintendo can or cannot
develop for make it something optional I
agree with the wii u i think that's an
optional kind of features to have that
game pad with the off TV play but
unfortunately they develop some games in
the OS itself to be mandatory using that
controller so they cannot release a base
model with just the controller i want
them to do the opposite I want them to
go in reverse make the standard version
with the controller for everyone else
and then make an accessory on top of it
and features on top of it in case that
feature is enabled and to make the
experience that much more greater the
analogy to that philosophy would have to
be the kinect microsoft has made it so
it's not one hundred percent required
it's not mandatory but if you get it it
just adds to the experience it adds the
functionality that's the right way to go
for the next generation now personally
my biggest complaint with the wii u is
the software is the operating system is
the lack of online features basic things
that should be there I'm not the first
person to say this show Kyoya said this
Nia has set this active gamer life has
said this gamers at large has said this
everyone seems to be on the same page
which is good to hear that we don't have
that many people in denial is that they
need basic features I'm talking about on
screen notifications meant to know on
screen on screen on screen on screen
notifications it's just a standard
feature every online service has
PlayStation Network xbox live steam it
should definitely have it he'll if you
play has it in origin has it you should
have it secondly I want an invite system
a joint system and a messaging system I
don't want to have to magically
telepathically know when someone wants
to play a video game there should be a
way easier way for people to get in
contact with each other say hey do you
want to play a game start up the game
invite them to the game and join the
game and start playing I don't want to
have to wait 20 minutes if I do a me
verse message trying to get someone to
read it first before they know that hey
I want to play with them and then to
start up a room and then I have to join
their room it's just a hassle it's just
a total waste of time and it's not even
worth it the messaging system in the wii
u though the miiverse messaging it's
just total dog it's worthless it's
I would never use them I'd much rather
just get my phone and give them a
message on Twitter or skype or something
like that I don't want to have to deal
with this waste of my life Nintendo
certainly I want cross game chat cross
game chat no exceptions no excuses I
don't want to hear these garbage excuses
that other they're worried about lag so
they're not going to put it in that's
if the original xbox 10-15
years ago however the long it's
been if they can do it the Nintendo can
do it they are proven developers they
know what the hell they're doing so I
don't believe for a second that they
couldn't do it for the wii u their
current gen system so don't tell me that
they can't do it for their next gen you
should expect better as a Nintendo fan
and it is a games fan and finally time
for my crazy experiment corner where I'm
going to talk about what i would want
Nintendo to do that may or may not be in
its best entrance I want Nintendo to par
her up with valve to make a steam for
their next console now how I envision
this is it's going to be a child
offshoot of steam you'll have the main
steam for pc and then you'll have a
branch down below with just Nintendo
games and then you'll have a branch down
below with just the wii u and a 3ds and
whatever nintendo is working on now now
it'll have all the features of steam I'm
talking about messaging cross game chat
and a UI that could be skinnable just
for Nintendo's purposes and to know has
total control over how it looks but it
has no control over the backend systems
of how steam works now the games you can
buy on these systems are not going to be
all the games that are available on
steam for pc they have to be
specifically approved my Nintendo for
you to buy and play those games on your
system it's a one-way street so if you
have the pc games say it's an indie game
and nintendo approves it they make sure
it works then it'll be approved and you
can buy it and play it but all the games
that nintendo makes like super mario
world or legend of zelda they will be
only available for the nintendo steam
they will not go upwards to the parent
for the pc version so you still need a
nintendo console to play those games
even if you have a pc that already has
steam you will not be able to download
them and play them valve would still get
a cut of all the profits because they
are using that UI and nintendo might not
be happy with it but nintendo is not
good at making online services at least
that they've proven so far so if they
partner up with valve just for this to
shore up that weakness I think that it
would be well worth it in the long run
they'll sell a lot of copies and they'll
definitely improve their image as a
powerhouse of online gaming so I've
recently been saying that my perfect
console is going to be the hardware of
Sony the online network of steam and the
games of Nintendo and with this strategy
I think that they would be it would
achieve that goal and I would love to
see that that would be the perfect
console and it would demolish it would
smash the competition no question i have
no question in my mind that that's
exactly what it would do so leave a like
if you liked this video leave a dislike
if you don't put a comment down that
troll box of what do you think about my
experiment what do you think about
team on the Nintendo console and how it
work that you still need a nintendo
console to play Nintendo games but you
get all the benefits of steam gaming
what do you think their next console
should be wouldn't you think it'll come
out I want to know and as always thank
you for watching and stay base guys